[v4] SEO tags (#482)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/development/backend-customization/controllers.md

---
title: Backend customization - Controllers - Strapi Developer Docs

> description: Strapi controllers are JavaScript files that contain a set of methods, called actions, reached by the client according to the requested route. Controllers can be customized according to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strapi controllers are files that contain a set of methods reached by the client according to the requested route and can be customized according to your needs.
```
